fix(geo-cli): remove pricing plan from goefencing (#3920)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/geo/geofencing.mdx

```

> If you want the users of the Cognito group added above to be able to render a map or search for places in your application, 
> follow the instructions as mentioned [in the section below](#granting-maps-and-search-permissions-to-a-group-of-users).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to grant access to previously created geo resources to the users of the Cognito group added above, 
follow the instructions as mentioned [in the section below](#granting-maps-and-search-permissions-to-a-group-of-users).

```
